Director Lin, are you satisfied?
She is very smart, and she is worthy of being the wife chosen by Jiang Min.
Master Sun, the formalities are half over.
No, he can handle it on his own.
No need for us to take action.
You took the risk to come here for this Mrs. Sun,
I didn't understand it at first.
Now, I understand.
Understand what?
This Mrs. Sun, I don’t know how many ghost masters there are.
He also has a good heart.
He has a good heart when he can help others vent their anger.
What's even more rare is that he can control the entire situation,
And did not take advantage of the identity of Mrs. Sun of the Jiang family.
Waiting to be happy.
Why is this kid acting like this all of a sudden?
Don't know
Who bullied us just now? It was her
It was her idea, your manager
Your employees just wanted to teach us a lesson
slapped my man
How do you calculate this?
What do you think we should do?
Just what should I do, Xiao Qian?
She just hit you
You can't fight now
Then you two will protect the mountain with your hands.
until satisfied
If you are not satisfied, please don’t pick us. We don’t have peaches.
who do you think you are
Why do you want to delete it if you ask it to be deleted?
How dare you ask the ghost to let you go?
Please let me go